update ssm maintenance window task resource docs (#16636)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/ssm_maintenance_window_task.html.markdown

* `window_id` - (Required) The Id of the maintenance window to register the task with.
* `max_concurrency` - (Required) The maximum number of targets this task can be run for in parallel.
* `max_errors` - (Required) The maximum number of errors allowed before this task stops being scheduled.

> * `task_type` - (Required) The type of task being registered. Valid options are `AUTOMATION`, `LAMBDA`, `RUN_COMMAND` or `STEP_FUNCTIONS`.

Reviewer: Small nitpick otherwise looks great 👍 :
```suggestion
* `task_type` - (Required) The type of task being registered. Valid values: `AUTOMATION`, `LAMBDA`, `RUN_COMMAND` or `STEP_FUNCTIONS`.
```
